# Configuring the rh-certified remote repository and synchronizing Red Hat Ansible Certified Content Collection

You can edit the rh-certified remote repository to synchronize collections from automation hub hosted on console.redhat.com to your private automation hub.
By default, your private automation hub rh-certified repository includes the URL for the entire group of Ansible Certified Content Collections.

To use only those collections specified by your organization, a private automation hub administrator can upload manually-created requirements files from the rh-certified remote.

If you have collections A, B, and C in your requirements file, and a new collection X is added to console.redhat.com that you want to use, you must add X to your requirements file for private automation hub to synchronize it.

* You have valid Modify Ansible repo content permissions.
For more information on permissions, see Access management and authentication.
* You have retrieved the Sync URL and API Token from the automation hub hosted service on console.redhat.com.
* You have configured access to port 443. This is required for synchronizing certified collections. For more information, see the automation hub table in the Network ports and protocols chapter of Planning your installation.

1. Log in to your Ansible Automation Platform.
2. From the navigation panel, select menu:Automation Content[Remotes].
3. In the rh-certified remote repository, click btn:[Edit remote].
4. In the URL field, paste the Sync URL.
5. In the Token field, paste the token you acquired from console.redhat.com.
6. Click btn:[Save remote].

You can now synchronize collections between your organization synclist on console.redhat.com and your private automation hub.
7. From the navigation panel, select menu:Automation Content[Repositories]. Next to rh-certified click the btn:[More Actions] icon &#8942; and select Sync repository.
8. On the modal that appears, you can toggle the following options:
* Mirror: Select if you want your repository content to mirror the remote repository's content.
* Optimize: Select if you want to sync only when no changes are reported by the remote server.
9. Click btn:[Sync] to complete the sync.

The Sync status column updates to notify you whether the Red Hat Certified Content Collections synchronization is successful.

* Navigate to menu:Automation Content[Collections] to confirm that your collections content has synchronized successfully.