# Ansible Automation Platform on Microsoft Azure infrastructure usage

When you install Ansible Automation Platform on Microsoft Azure, the following infrastructure is deployed into your Microsoft Azure subscription:

Managed identity:: A Microsoft Azure service that enables Ansible Automation Platform components to communicate with other Microsoft Azure services such as database, DNS, storage, and other services.
Key vault:: A secure key vault used to store secrets that are unique to the Ansible Automation Platform deployment.
Log Analytics Workspace:: A Microsoft Azure service that enables Red Hat site reliability engineers to inspect the operations of Ansible Automation Platform on Microsoft Azure.
Private DNS Zone:: Manages local DNS requests for the services used by Ansible Automation Platform on Microsoft Azure.
Storage account:: The Microsoft Azure service is used for file and block storage such as local storage of projects and containers.

Service Shape:
* StorageV2 - Standard_LRS if disaster recovery is not enabled
* StorageV2 - Standard_GRS if disaster recovery is enabled
Virtual network:: The Microsoft Azure service is used to manage all internal networking and dependent services such as the Azure Application Gateway.

Service Shape: Application Gateway: WAF_v2
Azure Kubernetes service (AKS):: The Kubernetes cluster used to deploy Ansible Automation Platform applications and services.

Service Shape for all AAP plan sizes:
* Compute nodes: Standard_D4ds_v5 (4 vCPUs x 16 GiB)
* Autoscaling minimum nodes: 3
* Autoscaling maximum nodes: 20
Azure Database for PostgreSQL:: A Microsoft Azure database service used for Ansible Automation Platform’s PostgreSQL database.
The following table presents the different configuration tiers based on the plan purchased.


Exact infrastructure usage depends on the length of time that the managed application is deployed in your tenancy, and the automation requirements that might cause the Kubernetes cluster to autoscale to meet the demands of your workload.

Microsoft provides a Pricing calculator to estimate your costs for Microsoft Azure products and services.
Red Hat has configured an example scenario in the pricing calculator: use the Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform on Azure Infrastructure Estimate to tune Kubernetes expected auto scaling variables based on your organization’s workloads.

If Red Hat determines that a deployment’s automation might exceed the capabilities of the current tier of the deployment,
then Red Hat SREs will work with you to upgrade the infrastructure tier based on automation needs.